c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.exe.config
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\Interop.SAPbobsCOM.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\Interop.SAPbouiCOM.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.vbproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.Login.resources
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.MDI_BC.resources
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.Resources.resources
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Windows.Forms.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_F1.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\FlashControlV71.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\ShockwaveFlashObjects.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_F1.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_F1.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_F2.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_F2.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_F2.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_F3.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_F3.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_F3.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_Emision.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_Recibo.exe
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_Emision.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_Emision.xml
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_Recibo.pdb
c:\users\developer\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\Produccion_Recibo.xml
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Enterprise.Framework.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Enterprise.InfoStore.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Enterprise.Viewing.ReportSource.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Enterprise.PluginManager.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.Enterprise.Sdk.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.Foundation.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.Enterprise.Sdk.ebus.netmodule
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.Enterprise.Sdk.fssl.netmodule
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.Enterprise.Sdk.Ssl.netmodule
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.Enterprise.Sdk.netmodule
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\bin\Debug\BusinessObjects.Enterprise.Sdk.ZipLib.netmodule
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.vbproj.BarCode_TubaC.exe.config
C:\Users\Developer\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BarCode_TubaC\BarCode_TubaC\obj\Debug\BarCode_TubaC.Cusuarios.resources
